# Firewall - 10.11
From http://krypted.com/mac-security/command-line-firewall-management-in-os-x-10-10/
- /usr/libexec/ApplicationFirewall/socketfilterfw
Mac OS X rules.

See a long list of [[OS X Commands]]

== 10.9 ==

== 10.8 ==

=== Nifty Commands ===

* [[pgrep]]
* [[pkill]]
* [[serverinfo]]
* [[caffeinate]]
* [[sharing]]
* [[tccutil]]
* [[scutil]]


== Tricks ==

=== Install package from CLI ===
 sudo installer -pkg /Volumes/ExifTool-9.16/ExifTool-9.16.pkg -target /
 
=== Start FTP server ===
 sudo -s [[launchctl]] load -w /System/Library/LaunchDaemons/ftp.plist

=== Check swap usage ===
 sysctl vm.swapusage

=== Disable wifi disconnect when locking screen ===
 sudo /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Apple80211.framework/Versions/Current/Resources airport en1 prefs DisconnectOnLogout=NO

=== Show some downloaded files ===
This shows a list of all the quarantine checked downloads:
 sqlite3 ~/Library/Preferences/com.apple.LaunchServices.QuarantineEventsV* 'select distinct LSQuarantineDataURLString from LSQuarantineEvent'

=== Send Notifications from Terminal ===
 sudo gem install terminal-notifier
 terminal-notifier -message "Hello, this is my message" -title "Message Title"

=== Enable verbose eap logging ===
 sudo defaults write /Library/Preferences/SystemConfiguration/com.apple.eapolclient LogFlags -int -1

== Network ==

* gif0 - Generic Tunnel Interface.  See `man gif`.
* stf0 - Six To Four tunnel.

== Migration ==

After migrating, check these files:
* /etc/hosts (not transferred using Migration Assistant in 10.7)
* crontabs (not transferred using Migration Assistant in 10.7)
* /etc/apache2/httpd.conf (not transferred using Migration Assistant in 10.7)


== Essential Software ==

* [[Adium]] - Multi-protocol chat client
* [[Bonjour Browser]] - [[Bonjour]] service listing
* [[Camino]] - A Mozilla based web browser made in [[Cocoa]], very similar to [[Firefox]].
* [[coconutBattery]] - Tracks battery health
* [[DNSUpdate]] - [[Dyndns]] daemon
* [[EvoCam]] - Webcam software for posting images and making vids
* [[Flip4Mac]] - [[WMV]] codecs for [[Quicktime]]
* [[fseventer]] - [[Spotlight]] powered filesystem access monitor
* [[Fugu]] - [[SFTP]] client 
* [[GeekTool]] - Present shell scripts and output status on the desktop
* [[Google Earth]] - 3D earth browser
* [[Growl]] - Unified application notification tool
* [[Handbrake]] - [[DVD]] to [[MP4]] and [[AVI]]
* [[iClipLite]] - Clipboard recording and storage
* [[Key Codes]] - Shows key codes for different keys on the keyboard
* [[Lingon]] - GUI modifications for [[launchd]]
* [[Lostify]] - Metadata editor for [[MP4]] files.
* [[Nicecast]] - Front-end wrapper for [[Icecast]] streaming audio server.
* [[ObservationPost]] - Monitors status changes in hardware, network and apps.
* [[osx2x]] - keyboard and mouse sharing via [[VNC]].
* [[Perian]] - [[Quicktime]] codecs like [[Divx]].
* [[Quicksilver]] - THE app launcher
* [[Skype]] - P2P VOIP
* [[smcFanControl]] - Control the speed of the fans inside your Mac.
* [[The Unarchiver]] - GUI handling of many many archive formats including the nemesis, Stuffit.
* [[Vine Server]] - The best [[VNC]] server for OS X.
* [[VLC]] - The most versatile media player for any platform.

[[Category:Apple]]
[[Category:Nix]]
